client-side validation if the user doesn't enter all the details

port to dom-selector 0.2

somehow codify the dependency on fay, make cabal build the whole thing. there is a conflict with dependencies between rex and fay if you want both at the same time, too. Elm is building the files at request time, could be an option too for Fay... although I'd rather to pre-build.

links broken in skype, see 2013-08-03

try to remove bootstrap and jquery-ui from my GIT and install them through npm instead? or maybe put only the zips in GIT and have cabal unzip them.

ability to remove settings, settings backed by knockout to make the code manageable...

very bad email display 2013-06-17 7:55

"config.json" string duplicated in two files

settings.hs and config.hs?? seriously???

config: display the current config (read-only with edit buttons that
make the popups appear)

config: in popups, probably use jquery ui Dialog

config: differenciate String and FilePath, browse button for FilePath

redmine: link to wiki diff
redmine: make me a link to the bug, because I don't get the full info.

for the config, if I make some smart TH then let's also have it call the
aeson json functions generations, and then modules are not directly tied
to aeson anymore

make cabal install needed files on cabal install so that it'll run from
any folder.

migrate to scotty instead of snap? https://github.com/xich/scotty

rewrite client-side in elm?

port to http-conduit with the new nice API i made.

make relocatable so i can start it from any folder.

for source version control, in the details show the diffstat; done for
GIT, could still be done for SVN and HG.

for emails, nice display if there is an attachment instead of dumping
the base64. a download button would be groovy (or inline preview for
images).

would be cool to make a nice API for bootstrap helper functions with monad parameter like http-streams, to specify extra html attributes

decent error message if the config file is corrupted?

for emails check for a library, if there is none extract one from this
app, make regression tests and so on.

make a bootstrap-based GUI. at first allow the settings to be set in the
GUI.

HTML formatting in emails can spread to my pages: use an iframe

čšž doesn't work in emails, example 2013-04-24 15:15

links in skype chats don't work, example 2013-04-26 10:28 SO link

firefox google searches, maybe stackoverflow upvotes, dropbox subfolder
activity, google docs?
for firefox google searches: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/The_Places_database
